Translation of Näringsliv (#94)
datasektionen/bawang-content: en/industry/body.md

# Business relations

Do you want to come in contact with computer science students?

> The Computer Science Chapter's industry group actively works for an increased 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Computer Science Chapter's industry group actively works towards an increased 
```

cooperation beetween computer science students and the industry. We will help
you arrange events in order for students to come in contact with your company
and to give them a glimpse of their future working life.

We offer many ways for you to contact students: lunch lectures, advertisment, 
using the Computer Science Chapter's job board, etc. We will also gladly discuss 
any new ideas with you. Looking for a more traditional approach? Take a look at 
our traditional events, listed below.

Please feel free to contact us within the industry group by mail or phone
for more information.

## Pub

Take the chance to present your company at one of our popular Wednesday pubs,
where many computer science students stay to eat and drink after their lectures.

> It is be a good opportunity to mingle with students in a more relaxed enviroment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is a good opportunity to mingle with students in a more relaxed environment
```
